Improve web workflow error handling (#8667)
adafruit/circuitpython: docs/workflows.md

}
```

#### `/cp/diskinfo.json`

Returns information about the attached disk(s). A list of objects, one per disk.

> * `root`: File sysstem path to the root of the disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `root`: Filesystem path to the root of the disk.
```
